Forescout eyeExtend Connect Absolute App README.md
Version: 1.1.37
 
## Contact Information
Absolute Software Corporation, d/b/a Absolute Security
1505 Westlake Avenue N
Seattle, WA 98109 USA
https://www.absolute.com/support/

## Legal Notice
© 2024 Absolute Software Corporation d/b/a Absolute Security. All rights reserved. 
A list of our trademarks and patents can be found at https://www.absolute.com/company/legal
Other brands, products, or service names may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.

## About the eyeExtend Connect Absolute App
The App gathers endpoint and compliance information on endpoints connected to the Absolute service. User can also use policies or
actions to Freeze or Unfreeze endpoints or send End User Messages to endpoints through the Absolute service. The App uses the Absolute 3.0 API to connect to
the Absolute service using an API token and secret generated by an Admin of the Absolute Service and then configured during App setup.

## Requirements
The App supports:
- Absolute API 3.0
- Forescout CounterACT 8.5
- Forescout eyeExtend Connect 1.1


## User Interface
### Panels
#### Absolute
User can configure the App to connect to the Absolute Service
- Console URL shall be one of the options and same as the URL that you use to access the Absolute service console
- API Token shall be token generated by Admin of the Absolute service
- API Secret shall be secret generated by Admin of the Absolute service
- Certificate validation may be enabled or disabled, defaults to enabled
- User can test access to the Absolute service by clicking Test button after applying changes.
- User can add multiple devices, they need to be unique and has a dedicated focal appliance.

#### Discovery Options
User can configure the App to connect to Discover active endpoints connecting to the Absolute service and set API query rate limiter
- Frequency in minutes - min 5, max 43200, default 5
- API queries per minute - min 1, max 100, default 60

#### Assign CounterACT Devices
User can select the CounterACT device which will connect to the Absolute service using the configured URL, secret, and token 

#### Proxy Server
User can select a Proxy Server device to manage all communications between CounterACT and the Absolute service. 

### Test button
- Test is enabled by default.
- Configuration information must be applied before Test can be successfully run.

## Manage the App
### Import
- User can import the Absolute Connect App via eyeExtend Connect module
- App file shall look like Forescout-Absolute-1.1.37 which is signed

## Start and Stop App
- User can start and stop the Absolute App
- When the App is stopped, all properties resolve, actions and policy are suspended.

### Remove App
- User can remove the App if no longer needed
- User needs to delete any Absolute policies first to remove the App.


## Properties
The following properties for active endpoints are discovered or resolved as applicable:
- Absolute Device UID
- Absolute Status
- Absolute Public IP Address
- Absolute Device Last Connected
- Absolute Offline Days
- Absolute Antivirus Protection Status
- Absolute Encryption Status
- Absolute Location City
- Absolute Location Country
- Absolute is in ITAR Country
- Absolute OS Name
- Absolute Network Adapters
    Network Adapter Name
    IPv4 Address
    DNS Host Name
    DHCP Server
    Network Adapter Mac Address
- Absolute Application Resilience Apps
    App Name
    App Status
    Non-Compliant Type
 
## Actions
User can Freeze or send End User Message to endpoint through the Absolute service. 

## Scripts
There are five scripts and one library files.
- absolute_test.py
User can test connection and API access to the Absolute service
- absolute_poll.py
User can enable discovery of endpoint properties based on interval configured in Discovery options
- absolute_resolve.py
User can get Absolute properties for an active endpoint of the Absolute service
- absolute_freeze.py
User can Freeze an endpoint thorugh the Absolute service
- absolute_unfreeze.py
User can Unfreeze and endpoint thorugh the Absolute service
- absolute_sendmessage.py
User can send an End User Message to an endpoint through the Absolute service
- absolute_library.py
Library file that scripts use to access API to Absolute service 

## Notes
- API calls only return data for active endpoints on the Absolute service.  Any data available for inactive endpoints would not be current and cannot be used
to determine current compliance status
- If an endpoint is not connected to Absolute service and unable to receive command to perform action at time it is issued, it will receive the command upon its next connection

## Licenses
Each of the scripts contains applicable license text

